drain-node/README.md, before:

# Drain a Kubernetes Node Chaos Experiment

This experiment explores whether my application can maintain itself when a Kubernetes node is drained

## Setup for Experiment Execution

### Install the Chaos Toolkit

This experiment uses the [free and open source Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit]. The instructions for installing the [Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit] are available in the [project's documentation][docs].

[chaostoolkit]: https://chaostoolkit.org/
[docs]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org

### Install Any Required Drivers

The chaostoolkit is extended by adding [drivers] This experiment requires the following drivers:

* Kubernetes Chaos Toolkit Driver [kubernetes-driver] [kubernetes-driver-github]

[drivers]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/overview/
[kubernetes-driver]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/kubernetes/
[kubernetes-driver-github]: https://github.com/chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit-kubernetes

## Running the Experiment

### Required Parameters

This experiment requires the following parameters:

* Environment Variables
  * `APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL` - Specifies the application entry point URL where your application can be reached in your environment.
  *  `POD_LABEL` - Specifies the label used to identify the pod that you are goin g to kill
  *  `NODE_NAME` - Specifies the name of the node that will be drained

## Running the Experiment Direct from the Catalog using HTTP

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp; \
          $ export POD_LABEL=myapp; \
          $ export NODE_NAME=mynode; \
                   chaos run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/drain-node/drain-node-experiment.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL, POD_LABEL & NODE_NAME should be setup according to your Kubernetes run time environment

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp \
           -e POD_LABEL=myapp \
           -e NODE_NAME=mynode \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v /Users/russellmiles/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           quay.io/chaosiq/chaostoolkit-cloud:0.1 \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/drain-node/drain-node-experiment.json
```


### Running the Experiment from a Local Copy

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp; \
          $ export POD_LABEL=myapp; \
          $ export POD_NAMESPACE=testapp; \
                   chaos run drain-node-experiment.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL, POD_LABEL & NODE_NAME should be setup according to your Kubernetes run time environment

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp \
           -e POD_LABEL=myapp \
           -e POD_NAMESPACE=testapp \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v /Users/russellmiles/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           quay.io/chaosiq/chaostoolkit-cloud:0.1 \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run drain-node-experiment.json
```

Commit message:

changed docker command to reference users home directory in place of a named users directroy
Signed-off-by: gtfisher <grant@chaosiq.io>

drain-node/README.md, after:

# Drain a Kubernetes Node Chaos Experiment

This experiment explores whether my application can maintain itself when a Kubernetes node is drained

## Setup for Experiment Execution

### Install the Chaos Toolkit

This experiment uses the [free and open source Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit]. The instructions for installing the [Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit] are available in the [project's documentation][docs].

[chaostoolkit]: https://chaostoolkit.org/
[docs]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org

### Install Any Required Drivers

The chaostoolkit is extended by adding [drivers] This experiment requires the following drivers:

* Kubernetes Chaos Toolkit Driver [kubernetes-driver] [kubernetes-driver-github]

[drivers]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/overview/
[kubernetes-driver]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/kubernetes/
[kubernetes-driver-github]: https://github.com/chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit-kubernetes

## Running the Experiment

### Required Parameters

This experiment requires the following parameters:

* Environment Variables
  * `APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL` - Specifies the application entry point URL where your application can be reached in your environment.
  *  `POD_LABEL` - Specifies the label used to identify the pod that you are goin g to kill
  *  `NODE_NAME` - Specifies the name of the node that will be drained

## Running the Experiment Direct from the Catalog using HTTP

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp; \
          $ export POD_LABEL=myapp; \
          $ export NODE_NAME=mynode; \
                   chaos run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/drain-node/drain-node-experiment.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL, POD_LABEL & NODE_NAME should be setup according to your Kubernetes run time environment. The docker command also uses the .chaostoolkit/settings.yaml from the users home directory.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp \
           -e POD_LABEL=myapp \
           -e NODE_NAME=mynode \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v ~/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           quay.io/chaosiq/chaostoolkit-cloud:0.1 \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/drain-node/drain-node-experiment.json
```


### Running the Experiment from a Local Copy

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp; \
          $ export POD_LABEL=myapp; \
          $ export POD_NAMESPACE=testapp; \
                   chaos run drain-node-experiment.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL, POD_LABEL & NODE_NAME should be setup according to your Kubernetes run time environment. The docker command also uses the .chaostoolkit/settings.yaml from the users home directory.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e APPLICATION_ENTRYPOINT_URL=http://192.168.99.100/myapp \
           -e POD_LABEL=myapp \
           -e POD_NAMESPACE=testapp \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v ~/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           quay.io/chaosiq/chaostoolkit-cloud:0.1 \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run drain-node-experiment.json
```
