file-must-not-disappear/README.md, before:

# Simple "file must be retained on deployment" chaos experiment

This experiment explores whether a required local file is present before and after a deployment. It is a _very_ simple sample experiment that, in fact, does very little other than provide an example.

## Setup for Experiment Execution

### Install the Chaos Toolkit

This experiment uses the [free and open source Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit]. The instructions for installing the [Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit] are available in the [project's documentation][docs].

[chaostoolkit]: https://chaostoolkit.org/
[docs]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org

### Install Any Required Drivers

There are no required Chaos Toolkit [drivers][] for this experiment.

[drivers]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/overview/

## Running the Experiment

### Required Parameters

This experiment requires the following parameters:

* Environment Variables
  * `FILE_TO_CHECK` - Specifies the filename of the file to check is present before and after deployment.

### Running the Experiment Direct from the Catalog using HTTP

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using 
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt; \
                   chaos run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/file-must-not-disappear/file-must-not-disappear.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The `temp.txt` should be changed to whatever file you want to ensure is present after deployment has occurred.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v /Users/russellmiles/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/file-must-not-disappear/file-must-not-disappear.json
```


### Running the Experiment from a Local Copy

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using 
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt; \
                   chaos run file-must-not-disappear.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The `temp.txt` should be changed to whatever file you want to ensure is present after deployment has occurred.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
          -e FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt \
          -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
          -v /Users/russellmiles/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
          chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit \
          --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
          run /tmp/result/file-must-not-disappear.json
```

Commit message:

changed docker command to reference users home directory in place of a named users directroy
Signed-off-by: gtfisher <grant@chaosiq.io>

file-must-not-disappear/README.md, after:

# Simple "file must be retained on deployment" chaos experiment

This experiment explores whether a required local file is present before and after a deployment. It is a _very_ simple sample experiment that, in fact, does very little other than provide an example.

## Setup for Experiment Execution

### Install the Chaos Toolkit

This experiment uses the [free and open source Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit]. The instructions for installing the [Chaos Toolkit][chaostoolkit] are available in the [project's documentation][docs].

[chaostoolkit]: https://chaostoolkit.org/
[docs]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org

### Install Any Required Drivers

There are no required Chaos Toolkit [drivers][] for this experiment.

[drivers]: https://docs.chaostoolkit.org/drivers/overview/

## Running the Experiment

### Required Parameters

This experiment requires the following parameters:

* Environment Variables
  * `FILE_TO_CHECK` - Specifies the filename of the file to check is present before and after deployment.

### Running the Experiment Direct from the Catalog using HTTP

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt; \
                   chaos run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/file-must-not-disappear/file-must-not-disappear.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The `temp.txt` should be changed to whatever file you want to ensure is present after deployment has occurred. The docker command also uses the .chaostoolkit/settings.yaml from the users home directory.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
           -e FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt \
           -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
           -v ~/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
           chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit \
           --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
           run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-chaos/experiment-catalog/master/file-must-not-disappear/file-must-not-disappear.json
```


### Running the Experiment from a Local Copy

You can run this experiment using the native `chaos` command, or using
`docker`.

With the native `chaos` command:

```bash
(chaostk) $ export FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt; \
                   chaos run file-must-not-disappear.json
```

> ***NOTE:*** The `temp.txt` should be changed to whatever file you want to ensure is present after deployment has occurred. The docker command also uses the .chaostoolkit/settings.yaml from the users home directory.

With `docker`:

```bash
$ docker run -it \
          -e FILE_TO_CHECK=temp.txt \
          -v `pwd`:/tmp/result \
          -v ~/.chaostoolkit:/tmp/settings \
          chaostoolkit/chaostoolkit \
          --settings /tmp/settings/settings.yaml \
          run /tmp/result/file-must-not-disappear.json
```
